attributeName	code	definition
qualcode	A e	Aproved for publication -- Processing and review completed AND value has been edited or estimated by USGS personnel and is write protected
qualcode	P e	Provisional data subject to revision AND value has been edited or estimated by USGS personnel and is write protected
qualcode	P Ice	Provisional data subject to revision AND Ice affected
qualcode	A >	Aproved for publication -- Processing and review completed AND The value is known to be greater than reported value and is write protected.
qualcode	P Eqp	Provisional data subject to revision AND Equipment Malfunction
qualcode	P Mnt	Provisional data subject to revision AND Maintenance in progress
qualcode	P Bkw	Provisional data subject to revision.
qualcode	A R	Approved for publication -- Processing and review completed.
qualcode	A [4]	Approved for publication -- Processing and review completed.
qualcode	P [4]	Provisional data subject to revision.
qualcode	P Rat	Provisional data subject to revision AND Rating being developed or revised
qualcode	P Dis	Provisional data subject to revision AND Data-collection discontinued
qualcode	A <	Aproved for publication -- Processing and review completed AND The value is known to be less than reported value and is write protected.
qualcode	P ***	Provisional data subject to revision AND Temporarily Unavailable
qualcode	e	Value has been edited or estimated by USGS personnel and is write protected
qualcode	&	Value was computed from affected unit values
qualcode	E	Value was computed from estimated unit values.
qualcode	A	Approved for publication -- Processing and review completed.
qualcode	P	Provisional data subject to revision.
qualcode	<	The value is known to be less than reported value and is write protected.
qualcode	>	The value is known to be greater than reported value and is write protected.
qualcode	1	Value is write protected without any remark code to be printed
qualcode	2	Remark is write protected without any remark code to be printed
qualcode	Ssn	Parameter monitored seasonally
qualcode	Ice	Ice affected
qualcode	Pr	Partial-record site
qualcode	Rat	Rating being developed or revised
qualcode	Eqp	Equipment malfunction
qualcode	Fld	Flood damage
qualcode	Dis	Data-collection discontinued
qualcode	Dry	Dry
qualcode	--	Parameter not determined
qualcode	Mnt	Maintenance in progress
qualcode	ZFl	Zero flow
qualcode	***	Temporarily unavailable
ProvisionalQual	MPN	Measurement is not provisional
ProvisionalQual	MPY	"USGS Qualifcation Code (qualcode) contains ""P"" denoting that the measurement is provisional"
EstimatedQual	MEN	Measurement is not estimated
EstimatedQual	MEY	"USGS Qualifcation Code (qualcode) contains ""e"" denoting that the measurement is estimated"
InterpolatedQual	MfMN	Measurement was not interpolated by NPS
InterpolatedQual	MfMY	Measurement was interpolated by NPS
CensoredDataQual	MCN	Measurement is not considered suspect
CensoredDataQual	MCY	"USGS qualification code (qualcode) contains ""<"" or "">"" denoting that it is known to be greater or less than the reported value and is therefore considered suspect"
